[pub/sub] Clarify at-least-once and consumer groups (#3620)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-overview.md

Even if the message fails to deliver, or your application crashes, Dapr attempts to redeliver the message until successful delivery.

All Dapr pub/sub components support the at-least-once guarantee.

### Consumer groups and competing consumers pattern

Dapr handles the burden of dealing with consumer groups and the competing consumers pattern. In the competing consumers pattern, multiple application instances using a single consumer group compete for the message. Dapr enforces the competing conusmer pattern when replicas use the same `app-id` without explict consumer group overrides. 

When multiple instances of the same application (with same `app-id`) subscribe to a topic, Dapr delivers each message to *only one instance of **that** application*. This concept is illustrated in the diagram below.

<img src="/images/pubsub-overview-pattern-competing-consumers.png" width=1000>
<br></br>

Similarly, if two different applications (with different `app-id`) subscribe to the same topic, Dapr delivers each message to *only one instance of **each** application*.

> Not all Dapr pub/sub components support the competing consumer model. Currently, the following pub/sub components support this pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all Dapr pub/sub components support the competing consumer pattern. Currently, the following (non-exhaustive) pub/sub components support this:
```
